2 Arrested During Anti-Corruption March in Washington Police in Washington say two people face charges for offenses that happened during an anti-corruption march in Washington.
|Navy Stuns Notre Dame With Fourth-Down Success on a Stirring Final Drive The Midshipmen converted two fourth downs on the drive for a rare win in the nation’s longest-running intersectional rivalry.
|Hicks 192 Yards and 5 TDs as TCU Beats No. 13 Baylor 62-22 Kyle Hicks ran for a career-high 192 yards with five touchdowns and TCU beat 13th-ranked Baylor 62-22 on a dark Saturday for the Bears.
|Glover Takes 1-Shot Lead in Las Vegas Lucas Glover had a 6-under 65 on Saturday to take a one-shot lead in the Shriners Hospitals for Children Open as he goes for his first PGA Tour victory in five years.
|UK Police Arrest Nearly 50 at Anonymous Protest in London British police said they arrested 47 people on Saturday at an anti-capitalism demonstration in central London organized by the Anonymous hacking group.
|Luke Falk Leads No. 25 Washington State Past Arizona, 69-7 Luke Falk threw for 311 yards and four touchdowns and No. 25 Washington State beat Arizona 69-7 on Saturday for the Cougars' seventh consecutive victory.
|U.S. Regulator Found Another Cheat Device in Audi Car: Report A U.S. regulator found software in some Audi vehicles that lowered their carbon dioxide emissions if it detected they were being used under test conditions, Bild am Sonntag reported.
|Williams Leads Arkansas to First SEC Win Over No. 10 Gators Rawleigh Williams rushed for 148 yards and a pair of touchdowns as Arkansas defeated No. 10 Florida for the first time since 1982 with a 31-10 victory on Saturday.
|Zeuge Stops De Carolis to Take WBA Super Middleweight Title Tyron Zeuge of Germany defeated Giovanni De Carolis by technical knockout in the last round of their rematch to take the Italian's WBA super middleweight title on Saturday.
|No. 22 Oklahoma St Rallies, Survives to Beat K-State 43-37 Mason Rudolph threw for 457 yards and five touchdowns, Chris Carson provided the go-ahead score and No. 22 Oklahoma State picked off Jesse Ertz's pass to the end zone on the final play of the game to preserve a 43-37 victory over Kansas State on...
|Clinton Forwarded Daughter Email Chain Most Likely About Climate Talks The information contained in the chain in 2009 was later declared to be classified by the State Department.
|Kobe Bryant’s Next Step, New Shoes and Moves With Los Angeles Artists Mr. Bryant, who retired from basketball, has entered several other ventures.
|Live: Jay Z Get-Out-the-Vote Concert Jay Z will be giving a free concert at a get-out-the-vote event in Cleveland for Hillary Clinton’s campaign.
|California Looks to Single Drug for Carrying Out Executions California's death row inmates could be executed using one of four different drugs or choose the gas chamber under regulations submitted for final approval Friday, just days before state voters consider whether to do away with the death penalty or...
|Chesney to Beyhive: 'I Love Beyonce!' Country singer Kenny Chesney wants the Beyhive to know they've got it all wrong &#8212; he loves Beyonce.
|David Seeley, Educator Who Fought Against Segregation, Dies at 85 Dr. Seeley worked to provide equal opportunity to young people, through political actions and community alliances, for more than 50 years.
|Samsung America Says It Has Replaced Most Recalled Galaxy Note 7s Samsung Electronics America said on Friday it has replaced nearly 85 percent of all recalled Galaxy Note 7 devices as it works to resolve the issue of fire-prone phones.
|SpaceX Aiming to Return to Flight Next Month: CEO Musk SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk said on Friday his space launch company is aiming to return its rockets to flight in mid-December following a launch pad accident two months ago.
|Funeral Set for 3 Killed in Halloween Crash in Mississippi A funeral is set for a mother and her two young daughters killed in a Halloween night crash in the small Mississippi town of Chunky.
|Iowa Officer Who Wounded Man Was Involved in 2015 Shooting An Iowa police officer who shot a 37-year-old black man in the neck during a traffic stop this week was involved in a fatal shooting last year.
|Police Believe Nationally Known Con Man Fled From Shack A longtime con man most famous for entering Princeton University in the late 1980s by posing as a self-taught ranch hand was arrested Thursday in Aspen, where he had been squatting in an illegally built shack on the side of a ski mountain in the tony...
|Wells Fargo Sales Scandal Extends to Brokerage Unit: U.S. Senators Wells Fargo &amp; Co fired hundreds of brokerage employees for improper sales practices, three U.S. senators said on Thursday, widening the scope of a scandal which the fourth-largest U.S. bank has so far characterized as a retail banking problem.
|Jazz Listings for Nov. 4-10 A selected guide to jazz performances in New York City.
|Miriam Weinstein, Mother and Backbone of Original Miramax, Dies at 90 Ms. Weinstein had no plans to stop contributing (advice or pastries), even after Miramax grew in fame and value.
|Argentina Loosens Currency Change Rules to Fight Informal Exchanges Argentina will ease regulations on opening and operating currency exchange businesses, the central bank said on Thursday, making it easier for tourists to buy pesos at hotels, restaurants and banks.
|An Old Hand Once Again Tries His Luck at an Around-the-World Race Rich Wilson, a 66-year-old from Marblehead, Mass., will compete in his second Vendée Globe, which begins Friday from the French port of Les Sables d’Olonne.
|NY Hospital Cardio Gym Bans Political Debates A Long Island hospital has banned political debates in the gym of its cardio rehab unit.
|Takata Mulls Bankruptcy for U.S. Unit, Filing Will Take Time: Source Japan's Takata Corp is considering a bankruptcy filing for its U.S. unit as the air bag maker looks for a sponsor to help pay for liabilities related to its faulty inflators, a person briefed on the matter told Reuters.
|Harvard Suspends Men's Soccer Team Over Sexual Comments Harvard University suspended its men's soccer team for the remainder of the season because of sexual comments made about members of the women's soccer team.
|A Year Inside America's Militia Some call them militia. They call themselves patriots.
|Madrid Held 3-3 by Legia, Dortmund Advances in Champs League One more team booked a ticket in the knockout stage of the Champions League on Wednesday and it wasn't the star-studded defending champion, Real Madrid.
|Singer Bobby Vee Recalled as 'Ambassador of Joy' at Funeral Pop singer Bobby Vee was given a musical farewell at his funeral with an instrumental version of his No. 1 hit "Take Good Care of My Baby."
|Robert Weber Dies at 92; His New Yorker Cartoons Twitted the Overprivileged The people Mr. Weber drew over 45 years for the magazine were nothing if not entitled, going about with what some might see as skewed expectations.
|Connor McDavid and Auston Matthews Are Hockey’s Latest Legends-in-Waiting The rivalry between McDavid and Matthews, like Gretzky-Lemieux and Crosby-Ovechkin before them, holds the hopes of a league.
|Out West, Clinton Paints Grim Picture of Life Under Trump Hillary Clinton reveled in reliably red Arizona Wednesday, seeking to pluck a Republican state away from Donald Trump in the closing days of the caustic race for the White House.
|More Long Lines in Phoenix as People Vote Early Phoenix-area voters hoping to avoid long lines on Election Day by casting early ballots ended up waiting anyway Wednesday.

|Utility Asks to Resume Operations a Year After Well Blowout A utility asked California regulators Tuesday to resume operations at the largest underground gas storage facility in the West a year after a well blowout spewed methane uncontrollably for months and drove thousands of residents from their
|Utility Asks to Resume Operations a Year After Well Blowout A utility asked California regulators Tuesday to resume operations at the largest underground gas storage facility in the West a year after a well blowout spewed methane uncontrollably for months and drove thousands of residents from their
